EC2/C5M5InstanceChecks/Readme.md, before:

You can use this script to do the pre-requisites checks before changing the instance type to M5/C5. This script performs the following actions:

    - Verify if NVMe module is installed on your instance. If yes then it will verify if it is loaded in the intiramfs image.

    - Verify if ENA module is installed on your instance.

    - Analyses the “/etc/fstab” and look for the block devices being mounted using device names. It will give you a prompt to ask if you want to regenerate and modify your  current “/etc/fstab” file to replace the device name of each partition with its UUID. The original fstab file will be saved as /etc/fstab.backup.$(date +%F-%H:%M:%S) for e.g /etc/fstab.backup.2018-05-01-22:06:05

    [WARNING: Provide "y" only if you want this script to rewrite the current "/etc/fstab" file. If you provide "n" or "No", it will just print the correct /etc/fstab file in the output but would not replace it]


------- Running the scrips -------

- Place the script on your instance and make it executable

    # chmod +x c5_m5_checks_script.sh

- Run the script as a "root" user or "sudo" otherwise it would fail with the following message "This script must be run as root"

    # sudo ./c5_m5_checks_script.sh

----------------------------------

Commit message:

Changing file name and README
- Changing script name to Nitro.
- Changing README file accordingly.

EC2/C5M5InstanceChecks/Readme.md, after:

You can use this script to do the pre-requisites checks before changing the instance type to Nitro. This script performs the following actions:

    - Verify if NVMe module is installed on your instance. If yes then it will verify if it is loaded in the intiramfs image.

    - Verify if ENA module is installed on your instance.

    - Analyses the “/etc/fstab” and look for the block devices being mounted using device names. It will give you a prompt to ask if you want to regenerate and modify your  current “/etc/fstab” file to replace the device name of each partition with its UUID. The original fstab file will be saved as /etc/fstab.backup.$(date +%F-%H:%M:%S) for e.g /etc/fstab.backup.2018-05-01-22:06:05

    [WARNING: Provide "y" only if you want this script to rewrite the current "/etc/fstab" file. If you provide "n" or "No", it will just print the correct /etc/fstab file in the output but would not replace it]


------- Running the scrips -------

- Place the script on your instance and make it executable

    # chmod +x nitro_check_script.sh

- Run the script as a "root" user or "sudo" otherwise it would fail with the following message "This script must be run as root"

    # sudo ./nitro_check_script.sh

----------------------------------
